docs(python): Update stream mode in instrumentation files (tracing part 2/3) (#18532)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/python/tracing/instrumentation/automatic-instrumentation.mdx

See the full [list of available integrations](/platforms/python/integrations/).

Spans are instrumented for the following operations within a transaction/service span:

- Database queries that use SQLAlchemy or the Django ORM
- HTTP requests made with HTTPX, requests, the stdlib, AIOHTTP, or pyreqwest
- Spawned subprocesses
- Redis operations

In transaction mode, spans are only created within an existing transaction. If you're not using any of the supported frameworks, you'll need to <PlatformLink to="/tracing/instrumentation/custom-instrumentation/">create transactions manually</PlatformLink>.

> Stream mode removes this limitation. Since there are no transactions, any span started without a parent is automatically promoted to a service span (the equivalent of a transaction). You can also force any span to become a service span when starting it by removing its parent. See <PlatformLink to="/tracing/instrumentation/custom-instrumentation/">Custom Instrumentation</PlatformLink> to learn more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stream mode removes this limitation. Since there are no transactions, any span started without a parent is automatically promoted to a service span (the equivalent of a transaction). You can also force any span to become a service span when starting it by setting its parent to `None`. See <PlatformLink to="/tracing/instrumentation/custom-instrumentation/">Custom Instrumentation</PlatformLink> to learn more.
```
